Mesh Filter tutorial with UR5 and Kinect simulated in Gazebo (#558)
ros-planning/moveit_tutorials: doc/mesh_filter/mesh_filter_tutorial.rst

Mesh Filter with UR5 and Kinect
===============================

> The mesh filter takes in a point cloud, tf of robot and a URDF and publishes a modified point cloud with the point cloud subtracted that overlaps with the current robot state.

Reviewer: Made this easier to parse for non-expert:

```suggestion
MoveIt's mesh filter functionality removes your robot's geometry from its point cloud! 
For example, if you're robot's arm is in your depth sensor's view, the points associated with the arm are substracted from the point cloud.
This is accomplished by inputting the original point cloud, the robot's transforms (tf), and the robot's URDF. The filter then publishes a modified point cloud with the points subtracted that overlaps with the current robot state.
```

Mesh Filter with UR5 and Kinect
===============================

> MoveIt's mesh filter functionality removes your robot's geometry from its point cloud! If your robot's arm is in your depth sensor's view, the points associated with the arm are subtracted from the point cloud. 

Reviewer 2: Nit: I'd probably say "from a point cloud" instead of "from its point cloud".

> This is accomplished by giving the original point cloud, the robot's transforms (tf) and the robot's URDF as inputs.

Reviewer 2: The "(tf)" here refers to the topic `/tf`, right? Maybe use the leading slash and fixed-width font to make that clear: ``` ``\tf`` ```

The filter then published a modified point cloud which does not contain the points that overlaps with the current robot state.

.. image:: MeshFilter.gif

Getting Started 
---------------

* Follow the instructions for :moveit_website:`installing MoveIt<install>`
  first if you have not already done that. 

* Clone the `Universal Robot package <https://github.com/ros-industrial/universal_robot>`_ to your workspace for Melodic.

> * Install `Gazebo <http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=install_ubuntu&cat=install>`_

Reviewer 3: Something to point out in a note is that after doing this I also needed to install one more thing for the kenect plugin:

```
sudo apt install ros-melodic-gazebo-plugins
```

Running the Demo
-----------------

Roslaunch the launch file to run the code directly from moveit_tutorials: ::

 roslaunch moveit_tutorials mesh_filter.launch

The above command opens a UR5 arm with Kinect sensor on Gazebo and Rviz

> Topic /filtered/depth produces the modified point cloud with points subtracted that overlaps with the robot state.

Reviewer 2: I'd again put the topic in fixed-width font (double backticks). Same below.

.. image:: Filtered_Depth.png 

Topic /model/depth gives the points that overlap with the current robot state

.. image:: Model_Depth.png

Check out the mesh filter code `here <https://github.com/ros-planning/moveit/blob/master/moveit_ros/perception/mesh_filter/src/depth_self_filter_nodelet.cpp>`_

How to add sensor to arm in simulation 
--------------------------------------

> Include sensor plugin in a .gazebo file. In this tutorial, a kinect sensor plugin is added to ur5_sensor.gazebo ::

Reviewer 2: I'd use fixed-width font for `.gazebo` and `ur5_sensor.gazebo`.

                </clip>
            </camera>
            <plugin name="kinect_controller" filename="libgazebo_ros_openni_kinect.so">
            <baseline>0.1</baseline>
            <alwaysOn>true</alwaysOn>
            <updateRate>10</updateRate>
            <cameraName>camera_ir</cameraName>
            <imageTopicName>/camera/color/image_raw</imageTopicName>
            <cameraInfoTopicName>/camera/color/camera_info</cameraInfoTopicName>
            <depthImageTopicName>/camera/depth/image_raw</depthImageTopicName>
            <depthImageCameraInfoTopicName>/camera/depth/camera_info</depthImageCameraInfoTopicName>
            <pointCloudTopicName>/camera/depth/points</pointCloudTopicName>
            <frameName>camera_depth_optical_frame</frameName>
            <distortion_k1>0.0</distortion_k1>
            <distortion_k2>0.0</distortion_k2>
            <distortion_k3>0.0</distortion_k3>
            <distortion_t1>0.0</distortion_t1>
            <distortion_t2>0.0</distortion_t2>
            <pointCloudCutoff>0.16</pointCloudCutoff>
            <pointCloudCutoffMax>10.0</pointCloudCutoffMax>
            </plugin>
        </sensor>
    </gazebo>

> Attach sensor to `base urdf <https://github.com/ros-industrial/universal_robot/blob/melodic-devel/ur_description/urdf/ur5.urdf.xacro>`_ of UR5 using links and joints as shown in ur5_sensor.urdf.xacro ::

Reviewer 2: Again, I'd put the filename in fixed-width font.
